.TH FLUXION 1 "MARCH 2026" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
fluxion \- Fluxion is a security auditing and social-engineering research tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fluxion [-m] [--auto] [--scan-time
.I N
.B ] [-l
.I language
.B ] [-b
.I bssid
.B ] [-c
.I channel
.B ] [--band
.I bg|a|abg
.B ] [--timeout
.I minutes
.B ]
.I ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fluxion
is a security auditing and social-engineering research tool.
It is a remake of linset by vk496 with less bugs and more
functionality. The script attempts to retrieve the WPA/WPA2
key from a target access point by means of a social engineering
(phishing) attack. It's compatible with the latest release of Kali
(rolling). Fluxion's attacks' setup is mostly manual,
but auto-mode handles some of the attacks'
setup parameters.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-v"
Print version number.
.IP "--help"
Print help page and exit with 0.
.IP "-m"
Use tmux multiplexer instead of xterm. Enables headless
operation without an X11/graphical session. If not already
inside a tmux session, fluxion will re-exec itself inside
one. All sub-windows are opened as tmux windows instead of
xterm terminals.
.IP "--auto"
Run fluxion in fully non-interactive auto mode. Every
interactive prompt auto-selects a sensible default. Implies
--killer (-k). In auto mode, fluxion runs one attack cycle
and exits (no looping). Best combined with -m for headless
operation.
.IP "--scan-time <seconds>"
Duration in seconds for the wireless scanner in auto mode.
Default is 30. After this time, the scanner is killed and
results are processed. Only meaningful with --auto or
--scan-only.
.IP "--scan-only"
Scan for nearby WPA networks, print results to stdout, and
exit. Does not launch any attack. Implies --auto and -k.
Use with --scan-time to control scan duration and -c to
restrict channels. Output is a machine-friendly table.
.IP "--list-interfaces"
List all detected wireless network interfaces with their
supported bands, driver, chipset, bus type, and state, then exit.
.IP "--interface <iface>"
Use the specified wireless interface for scanning and
operations. If not given, the first available wireless
interface is used.
.IP "--jammer-interface <iface>"
Use the specified wireless interface for the deauth jammer
(Captive Portal attack). Overrides auto-selection for this
role only.
.IP "--ap-interface <iface>"
Use the specified wireless interface for the rogue access
point (Captive Portal attack). Overrides auto-selection for
this role only.
.IP "--tracker-interface <iface>"
Use the specified wireless interface for the target tracker
(channel-change detection). In auto mode the tracker is
disabled unless this option is given.
.IP "--ap-service <hostapd|airbase-ng>"
Override the rogue AP service. Default is hostapd.
On DFS channels (52-64, 100-144) auto mode selects
airbase-ng automatically since hostapd requires driver
radar/CAC support that USB adapters lack.
.IP "--reg-domain <CC>"
Override the wireless regulatory domain used when bringing
up the rogue AP on 5 GHz channels (e.g. US, DE, JP).
Default is US. The original domain is restored on exit.
.IP "--timeout <minutes>"
Maximum duration in minutes for the attack in auto mode.
After this time the attack is stopped and fluxion exits.
Default is no timeout (runs indefinitely until the attack
succeeds or is interrupted).
.IP "-k"
Kill interfering wireless processes (NetworkManager, etc.)
before allocating interfaces. Implied by --auto.
.IP "-d"
Run fluxion in debug mode.
.IP "-r"
Reload driver.
.IP "-l <language>"
Define a certain language. In auto mode, defaults to "en".
.IP "-e <essid>"
Select the target network based on the ESSID. In auto mode,
used to filter scan results to the matching network.
.IP "--band <bg|a|abg>"
Wireless band to scan. bg = 2.4 GHz, a = 5 GHz,
abg = both. Default is bg. Overrides auto-detection
from -c. Passed directly to airodump-ng --band.
.IP "-c <channel>"
Indicate the channel(s) to listen to. In auto mode, the
scanner is restricted to these channels.
.IP "-a <attack>"
Define a certain attack. In auto mode, this selects the
attack type without prompting.
.IP "--ratio <ratio>"
Define the window size. Bigger ratio -> smaller window size.
Default is 4. Only applies in xterm mode.
.IP "-b <bssid>"
Select the target network based on the access point MAC address.
In auto mode, used to filter scan results.
.IP "-j <jamming interface>"
Define a certain jamming interface.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "List all nearby WPA networks (60-second scan):"
sudo ./fluxion.sh -m --scan-only --scan-time 60
.IP "List networks on channel 6 only:"
sudo ./fluxion.sh -m --scan-only --scan-time 30 -c 6
.IP "Scan both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands:"
sudo ./fluxion.sh --scan-only --scan-time 30 --band abg
.IP "Headless, non-interactive, 15-second scan:"
sudo ./fluxion.sh -m --auto -l en --scan-time 15
.IP "Headless with specific target:"
sudo ./fluxion.sh -m --auto -b AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF -c 6
.SH FILES
.I /tmp/fluxspace/
.RS
The system wide tmp directory.
.RE
.I $FLUXION/attacks/
.RS
Folder where handshakes and passwords are stored in.
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP FLUXIONAuto
Automatically run fluxion in auto mode if exported.
.IP FLUXIONDebug
Automatically run fluxion in debug mode if exported.
.IP FLUXIONWIKillProcesses
Automatically kill any interfering process(es).
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Please checkout the other log files or use the debug mode.
.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs at:
https://github.com/FluxionNetwork/fluxion/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Cyberfee, l3op, dlinkproto, vk496, MPX4132
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aircrack-ng (8),
